# SNN-LAL-CPG
The code simulating the Spiking Neural Network from the paper "Production of adaptive movement patterns via an insect inspired Spiking Neural Network Central Pattern Generator."

The simulations took place on a High-Performance-Cluster. This is why the code is initiated with the Submit_Exploration.bash file. This will initiate 25 parallel simulation loops using the MegaLoop.m-file. Each simulation is exported as a separate .mat-file, as well as a collection file for each of the analysis metrics. Please note, due to the noise component during the calculation, you may not achieve the exact same results. As the rest of the of the analysis was done with eye, we can only recommend to seek the methods description in the paper.

One simulation is executed when the ParameterExploration.m is called. This will set-up all SNN parameters first, the inputs to the network (which are mostly constant inputs to investigate the behaviour over time) as well as the agent. Each timestep, first the bodypositions are calculated (the agent has spatial dimensions with later addition of sensory inputs or changing body dynamics in mind), then NetworkStepper.m calculates all processes within the Network, which is calculating the neuronal potential change with NeuuCom.m. The network outputs are translated into force with Accelerator.m, which then are used to calculate a steering and distance change with ReactionApproach.m. Finally, the new heading direction with distance are used to calculate the new agent centre position.
